{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18940\viewh13580\viewkind1\viewscale110
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Sujin Lee\
IEP 041\
February 13, 2011\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sa200\qc

\b\fs36 \cf0 Classic Romeo and Modern Juliet\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sa200\qj

\b0\fs28 \cf0        How do the film versions of Romeo and Juliet, the traditional one directed by Zeffirelli and the other more modern one directed by Baz Luhrman, differ? Both movies are very similar stories as they are based on Shakespeare's play. However, these two "Romeo and Juliet" have several distinct differences. First, they showed different characters even though the actors and actresses played same roles in each movie. The Juliet of Zeffirelli's film was much more attractive and purer than the other Juliet. In Luhrman's version, the heroine doesn't seem to be as innocent. Secondly, the costuming is quite distinctive in each. Claire Danes's costume was a white gown with angel's wings, but Olivia Hussey's dress in Zeffirelli's was a more classical design. Also the Romeo of Zeffirelli's film was more handsome than the other Romeo, almost like a womanizer. On the other hand, the contemporary Romeo, played by Leonardo Di Caprio, appeared to be a naive boy. Another point of comparison is the music, each singer sang wonderful songs in the movies, but the woman's song in Baz Luhrmann's film was more brilliant and refined than in the other. Finally, Baz Luhrmann's directing style is more romantic. For example, in the  scene where the lovers first meet, they are on opposite sides of the big fish tank. Zeffirelli's film was also lovely, but its atmosphere of dark-torches and dim light make it heavy and serious. To sum up, we can enjoy seeing both movies despite their dissimilar appeal. }